Previously on The Affair...
Mom, this is Furkat.
Are you two working together?
I'm his assistant.
You can tell me how
what you're doing
is any different... you know,
Vik living in your basement,
paying you rent, while
also fucking you.
I don't mention one lunch
and that's a problem?
What about you driving two hours
to see your ex without telling me?
Yeah, I never should've told you!
You live in the fucking basement,
and you come up when you feel like it;
You stay down when you feel like it.
It's what you said you wanted.
Because I thought
that's what you wanted.
Home, sweet home. I
do have one request.
I know. You don't have to say it.
I'm done with him, really.
Okay.
Is Noah here?
I'm concerned about him
because he was stabbed
and now he's MIA.
Why does he still matter so much to you?
What?
I could never figure out if
you're just so narcissistic
that you weren't paying attention.
- Excuse me?
- Our mother had just died.
Noah was using you to
get the fuck away from us.
- My dad died.
- Did your dad
- leave you anything?
- His house.
When was the last
time you were there?
Twenty years ago.
My mother died there.
I think I know who attacked me.
He's a guard at Fishkill
named John Gunther.
He's been following
me since I got out.
- Fuck you!
- Dad?
Martin, what...
Solloway?
I'm gonna hang on to this for safety.
- Come on, don't...
- Hey!
Dad, are you okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Either of you remember
a-a guy named Gunther?
Yeah, his folks own that
hunting store off 76.
Noah, you don't look so good.
Fuck!
What the fuck is wrong with you?
You're such a fucking mess.
Martin, get up.
Martin?
Martin! Stop!
Martin!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I need help.
I know you're screening my calls, Nina,
but you might want to call me back,
because...
I found your brother
at your father's house,
and he's not in great shape.
I mean, he's all right.
I'm taking care of him, but...
I thought you should know.
And I know that you're mad at me
and JP's pissed at Noah,
so you probably won't want him
coming up to... to West Orange,
which, you know, that's fine.
Fuck!
Sorry, ignore that.
Um...
I mean, don't worry, because,
Noah can stay here for now.
I mean, I'm not sure what
I'm gonna tell the kids.
Or Vik, I guess.
Whatever, I'll make it work.
Um...
but, just call me if you want.
He's, um...
I mean, I think he'll be okay.
We'll be okay.
Bye.
Noah!
Noah?
How's it going?
You've been in there for a while.
Jesus Christ.
Noah, what are you doing?
Are you okay?
I just needed to sit.
Okay, come on.
Come on, let's get you up.
Can you try to stand?
Crap.
Sorry.
You know what? You're probably dehydrated.
And you need to eat and... sleep.
So the bed's all made.
- It's... I got it. I got it.
- What?
I got it.
Yeah, go ahead.
Can I get some privacy?
Sure.
I just...
Shit.
You're back.
- You're here.
- Yeah.
Late start today. I
don't scrub in till noon.
So?
Tell me.
Noah's not doing well?
No, he's not.
Okay, so did you reach Nina?
She come to get him?
Um, no, she didn't.
So what'd you...
You drive him to Jersey?
Um...
well, he's downstairs.
Noah is downstairs?
Right now?
Yeah. Um, he's resting.
But listen, just don't... Can
you please don't freak out?
- I don't get it.
- I know. I couldn't reach Nina.
And-and-and she's not
returning my calls, and I...
You should've seen him.
I mean, I found him standing in the lake.
Like, just standing there, like a zombie.
- And his neck is a mess.
- So you brought him here?
Yes. He's not staying, I promise.
- What about the kids?
- I'm not going to tell them.
- You're not going to tell them?
- No!
He's downstairs. He's not coming upstairs.
I just need to figure
out what to do with him.
And, Vik, he's their father.
What was I supposed to do, leave him there?
I did what anyone would do!
Someone tried to kill him, Helen.
They've got no idea who did it,
they've got zero leads,
but sure, invite him in.
What are you saying? You think
someone's still after him?
- Who knows?
- I understand why you're upset.
I-I... It's temporary, I promise.
I'll find someplace else for him to go.
Like, today?
Yes.
Today.
Vik, do you think you have
time to take a look at him?
Quick look?
- Noah.
- Yeah?
Vik said he can take a look
at you before he goes to work.
I think you should let
him check out your neck.
Dr. Ooh-la-la.
Dr. Ullah.
I'm out of my pain meds. I need some more.
- Do you?
- Yeah.
I might be able to help with that.
I need to take a look at your wound first.
Can you turn towards the light, please?
He's trying to help you. Please.
I took his temperature when we got home.
It was 100.7. I gave him Advil.
I don't need Advil. I need Vicodin.
Okay, tough guy, hold still for me, please.
How much Vicodin are you taking?
7.5 milligrams six times a day.
Or, I don't know, ten, maybe.
What's that for?
I'm marking where the red ends.
Now, if it extends past this line
or if his fever goes any higher,
he'll need to go to the ER.
In the meantime, I'll write
him a script for an antibiotic.
- Two a day for ten days.
- An antibiotic?
No, I need pain meds.
It's been a pleasure.
- Take care, Noah.
- You got to be kidding me.
What kind of a doctor refuses medication
to someone who's suffering?
Are you really in that much pain?
You got...
You got to talk to him.
Get him to give me something.
- I can ask him...
- Beg.
Okay, but k... will you please lie down?
You need some rest. But wait a minute.
We need to, cover you up first.
Lean towards me.
No, I got it. I got it.
- Okay, right.
- It's fine.
Sorry.
Helen.
Well, you're right about
one thing, the man's a mess.
Can't you just give him a little Vicodin?
No, no, I can't give
him "a little" Vicodin.
He's clearly addicted to Vicodin.
I could lose my medical license
for prescribing opioids to a man like that.
- Is Percocet an opioid?
- I want him out.
Nina can take him to his doctor
if his neck gets any worse.
And she may want to check
him into a rehab facility.
Really?
- You think he's that bad?
- Helen.
Open your eyes.
This man's problem is much
bigger than you or I can handle.
And the kids should not see him like that.
I know. I'll call Nina.
I'll have her come today.
She's his sister.
If anyone has an obligation
to him at this point, it's her, not you.
She'll pick him up, Vik, okay?
It's not a problem, I promise.
I do. Just go to work.
He'll be gone by the time you get home.
I'll call the Augmentin in to Rite-Aid.
Thank you.
Okay, um...
Tylenol with codeine.
Noah, it's the only thing
I have in the house, I'm sorry.
And just be careful
because that's hot-hot.
Here, give me the bottle. I need some more.
Vik thinks that you are taking
too much medicine.
Well, Vik has a stick up his ass.
He also hates me, Helen.
Please, Helen, just give me a few more,
just enough to control this pain.
Okay, fine.
I also brought an Ambien.
Beautiful.
I really think you should
try to eat something.
I'm not hungry, thanks.
They're poppy seed, and I got...
I said I didn't want it, Helen.
Who was that?
- No one.
- It's not no one, Noah.
Who's calling you? Was it Nina?
No.
Who's Officer Santos?
Is that one of the
detectives from your case?
'Cause you should call him back.
She's my parole officer.
Well, then you should
definitely call her back.
Yeah, not right now. I can't
deal with her right now.
It'll take two minutes, Noah.
Just let her know you're okay.
But I'm not.
What is going on with you, Noah?
What is it?
God, I'm tired.
I think I can finally sleep.
Good.
That's great.
Maybe the pills started working?
- Yeah.
Actually feels nice to be back here.
It does?
Nice hearing the kids again.
The kids?
Are they coming down?
Well, the kids aren't here, Noah.
They're at school.
That's good.
I'm not Noah.
I'm Helen.
I'm his wife... his ex-wife.
He's with me in-in Brooklyn.
Yes, Officer, I know.
I get that, I...
Well, I can't put him on.
Because I can't.
He's sleeping.
Shit. Can you hold on a second?
- Hey, Mom.
- Hey, Whitney.
Hey, what are you...
Whitney?
Hello?
Hi, okay, I'm sorry, listen.
I know that you're just doing your job.
But the thing is, is that Noah is sick.
I said he's sick.
Um, he's still weak from the stabbing,
and his doctor says that he needs to rest.
And, if he can just
stay here for a day or two,
I-I know he'll feel better,
so I was wondering if, um,
I could bring him in on Monday?
Great. Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Thank you. I really appreciate it.
Hey! Hi.
Is Dad's tent still downstairs?
No, stop. Hey, stop!
- You can't go down there.
- Why not?
Because there's plumbers down there
working on the sink.
- So? I'm gonna look for it.
- It's gone!
Whitney, it's gone. Dad took it years ago.
- Okay.
What do you need a tent for, anyway?
What are you, like, camping?
Yeah, actually, Furkat
and I are going upstate.
Furkat camps?
Why is that funny?
I'm not sure. But it is.
His daughter's band is in some festival,
so we're gonna go see her play.
- His daughter?
- Juniper.
She's super talented.
How old is Juniper?
- Twenty-four.
- So two years older than you.
I don't know, don't you think
you might have mentioned that?
I mean, why wouldn't you tell me?
Where the fuck do you
think you're going?
What the fuck is wrong with you?
- What the hell?
- Is that Dad?
- Fuck!
- Christ!
- What are you doing?
- Stop, get off!
- Get off of him! Get off!
- What are you doing?
What is wrong with you?
What is wrong with me?
Your fucking dad just attacked me!
Whitney, get inside. You, get out of here.
Look, Helen, with all due respect,
I barely touched him.
You're a fucking maniac!
Get out of here before I call the cops.
- Mom, easy.
- No, no, no.
It's fine. I'll just go hit REI.
Whatever. Don't worry.
I'll speak to you later,
bunny. You... you asked for it.
Let me see.
Can you hear me?
Noah?
Helen.
Okay, you're okay. Come on.
- Helen.
- What is he doing here?
Whitney, inside, please. I'll
be there in a few minutes.
Please!
Okay, right here, this way.
What the fuck?
Noah, what the fuck?
What did you say to him?
Nothing.
Nothing? He just came after you like that?
What?
And why did you let him keep hitting you?
Why didn't you fight back?
I don't know.
Mom, I'm getting the
fuck out of here!
Shit. All right, wait!
I'll be right back.
Whitney! Sweetheart, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I just had
to make sure he was okay.
- How long has he been here?
- Since this morning.
But can you just come inside and talk?
We'll just sit down and we'll
talk about it, all right?
- Please?
- I'm not staying.
- No, Whit...
- I can't be in this house.
Not with him here. Don't you see that?
He's downstairs, he's not
gonna come up here, all right?
- My God. Good-bye!
- Sweetheart, please just...
- Please, no, you may not leave.
- Don't touch me!
Whitney, you can't go with that man!
He attacked your father.
- He was defending me.
- You were inside!
I don't know what the
hell you think you saw,
but he was not defending you.
He-he... This has to end right now.
He's twice your age and he's using you.
You have no fucking idea
what you're talking about!
Yes, I do! How many assistants
do you think he's gone through?
How many girls do you
think he's gone through?
- Furkat cares about me!
- Lord.
He's the only one who cares.
He went after Dad because he
knows what Dad's done to me.
Done to you?
You live in a fucking fantasy world, Mom.
I'm sorry. I don't know
what to do about it anymore.
You can't see anything that's happening!
You're obviously too upset to
have an adult conversation...
You let Dad back in this house!
Shh! Lower your voice!
He's right down there.
What do you think is gonna happen now, Mom?
What, we just go back to
being some happy family?
We forget everything that Dad did to us?
Why do you hate yourself so much?
I don't.
You know, I used to think
that Dad was the crazy one.
Now I realize it's you.
Whitney, Whitney, Whitney.
Please tell me where you're going.
I have no idea.
Mom!
Mom, are you home?
What's for dinner? I'm starving!
It's Jane Eyre, but it's a musical.
I mean, I'm only in the chorus,
but you've read the book, right?
Yeah, I did, a long time ago.
The book's super intense. I
started reading last night.
- I've got, like, 30 pages left.
- Wow, that's fast.
Hey.
- Hey.
- Hi, Vik.
Hey, guess what I'm doing at school.
- What?
- Take this to the table.
Dinner's basically ready.
Great, I'm hungry. Hey, kids.
- We're having spaghetti.
- Yeah?
And Trevor's doing some musical,
even though he can't sing.
- I can sing.
- No, you can't.
How's downstairs?
It's fine.
- All taken care of?
- Yup.
Well, you can't sing at all,
so just don't talk, okay?
It's almost like she switches genres.
First, you think it's a romance,
but then it turns into a thriller.
- Very sneaky.
- I know!
Rochester's all in love with
Jane, but the whole time,
he's got this wife, this crazy lady,
hiding up in the attic.
What was that?
- It's Bertha!
- Who's Bertha?
She's the crazy lady in the attic.
You know, in the story.
My musical?
There's plumbers working downstairs.
They must've dropped something.
You think?
I'm sure it's fine.
I think I'm finished.
Excuse me.
Is he okay?
Can you guys go to your rooms?
- What?
- It's eight o'clock.
Yeah, I know. I just need a minute.
Can I have one minute? One minute alone?
Please?
Go!
Please don't.
Can we please talk about this?
There is nothing to talk about.
You lied to me, repeatedly.
I know I did.
You lied when I moved up here
and you said you were done with him.
You lied this morning
when you said he'd be gone.
You lied at dinner when
you said he was gone.
And not just to me, to your children.
I know. It was wrong. But I can fix it.
I promise.
I'll tell him to leave right now.
Yeah? And then what?
Fuck!
You can do what you want, Helen.
Because I get how this goes.
He leaves now,
and then the next time,
three months later or
three years or tomorrow,
whenever he shows up with his bullshit,
you let him right back fucking in.
I mean, I-I really don't understand it.
I have tried.
But I don't.
The only explanation is
that you still love him.
No.
That's not true.
Vik.
Wait, Vik.
Please wait.
I have waited.
I'm not always a nice person, Helen.
I don't even know if I'm a good person.
But I am fucking honest.
And I don't know how to
live with someone who isn't.
- Okay, please, just please...
- Just tell me the truth.
For once.
Are you still in love with him?
No.
Then what is it?
Why can't you just let him go?
I'll miss the kids.
Is he gone?
Someone just left. I heard the door.
It was Vik.
It was Vik?
We're done. He's not coming back.
It wasn't because of me, was it?
Was it because of me?
Are you crying?
It's okay.
Helen, I'm sorry.
I'm gonna go. I shouldn't be here.
Why are you doing this to yourself?
What? Why am I doing what?
You-you're destroying yourself,
and I need you to stop.
You need me to stop what, exactly?
You went to prison.
And you were beaten in prison,
and you wouldn't let me help you.
And you're violating your parole,
and you're taking too many pills,
and you're letting people
kick the shit out of you.
We both know what you're doing.
You need to stop punishing yourself.
I-I forgive you.
You what?
I forgive you.
You forgive me?
I do.
What if...
what if...
what if we could...
Start over, just erase everything?
Helen.
Wait. Hey.
Just come.
What?
- Okay, pull in over there.
- What?
- Over there.
- "Hunting & Fishing"?
- Right now, stop the car.
- Okay, fine.
_
Good morning.
Morning.
Anything in particular I can help you with?
No, thank you.
Are you sure I can't
help you find something?
No, I'm good. Thank you.
Will this be all?
Yeah.
Are you,
John's mother?
Yes, I am. Johnny is my oldest.
I knew him back in high school.
Used to swim against him.
Really?
Is he around?
Johnny? Here?
Does he ever come by?
I'd like to see him again.
That makes two of us.
Well, he-he gets down when he can.
It's not a quick trip.
He's up near Fishkill.
In New York?
Like, near the... near the prison?
He's a guard.
- Yeah?
- Twenty years.
- Not easy.
- I bet.
Does he live right there?
- Sorry?
- Does he live right near work?
No-no big commute or...
Well, it used to be shorter.
They just moved over to Hughsonville.
His wife got a job at a
little hair salon there.
His wife?
- So he's married?
- 16 years.
Sweet girl, Kaylee.
I used to hope they'd move home.
But that is not gonna happen.
Johnny always was itching
to get out of town,
even when he was young.
- His loss, then.
- That's the truth.
Well, anyway, Noah Solloway,
I'm gonna tell Johnny that you stopped by.
He'll be glad to hear that.
Yeah, please.
Tell him I send my best.
Have some homemade beef jerky.
It's on the house.
Thank you.
Looks delicious.
You take care.
You're back.
Starting to think you ran away.
Yeah, well, I'm back.
What did you need so badly?
Want some?
No, thank you.
Can you put your seat belt on, please?
Fucking...
You should really get that checked out.
I'm fine.
Well, you're clearly not,
because if this is fine...
Helen, I just need to sleep.
Is that okay with you?
Go ahead.
God, help me.
Who the fuck got my meds, man?
I need my motherfucking meds, bitch!
Shut the fuck up!
No, fuck you, bitch!
Jesus Christ!
I can't find my cell phone!
Did you take my cell phone?
Mom, Stacey hid my phone!
I didn't hide it. Look downstairs.
You're up.
Yeah, I was just leaving.
- Ha, very funny.
- No, I have to.
The kids could come down.
And they shouldn't see me.
The kids?
Also, I don't belong here, Helen.
You've been very nice, but...
You can't go anywhere, not like that.
Vik said he would take a
look at you before work.
That's not necessary, thanks.
I'm happy to leave if you want me to.
He doesn't.
You don't.
What am I looking at, his neck?
I'm sure it's infected.
He clearly hasn't been taking care of it,
and he went into that filthy water.
It's not my neck.
It's-it's my damn shoulder, and...
Noah, what's going on?
W-would you mind writing me a prescription
for some painkillers, please?
Why would I do that?
This thing happened
to me in prison, and...
A "thing" happened to you?
He broke his shoulder.
That can hurt.
It-it shattered
in-in three places,
and all they did was give me Vicodin,
and if I take ten a day,
I can deal with it mainly,
but, um...
I-I just... I took my
last one, and now I...
You're taking ten Vicodin a day?
That's a disaster.
I might have some Tylenol with Codeine
left over from when Trev broke his ankle.
- I'll take a look for it.
- He can have two, max.
Check his neck.
Look, I know you don't
like me very much, but...
Can I ask you, if an infection like this
gets really bad, can it...
can it cause hallucinations?
Get out.
What?
I mean it.
I'll write you your goddamn prescription,
and then I want you out of this house
before I call the police to
take you back to fuckin' prison.
Look, I think th-there may
be some misunderstanding.
If you're worried about me and Helen...
Your wound's infected.
And you're addicted to opioids.
I'm not worried.
Got drugs.
Codeine and Ambien.
Okay.
No, not until you lie down.
What?
I mean it. It's bedtime.
Let's go.
Here you go.
Thanks.
- One extra-special Tylenol.
- Thank you.
And one Ambien.
My favorite.
How 'bout another Tylenol?
Will you talk to me?
I want to know what's going on with you.
You can tell me the truth. You know that.
Right?
- Fuck.
- You should answer that.
- No, thanks.
- Just pick it up.
It might be about your
case. He might have some...
He's not a he. She's
my parole officer, okay?
And no one knows anything about
my so-called case, all right?
No one knows who tried to kill me.
No one fucking cares what really happened.
I'm on my own here, okay?
Sorry.
Sorry, I-I didn't mean to say all that.
I just... I know you're
trying to help, and I...
Here.
Thanks.
I'll see you when you wake up.
Solloway!
Hey! Solloway!
How you doing?
Look at that?
Is that a burger or what?
I like to take the fries
and put 'em right inside,
just like they do at Moody's Diner.
Remember?
It's, down on Route 11.
You've been there before.
Are you hungry?
Thirsty. I need some water.
You mean they didn't fix that thing yet?
Damn it. That's...
Yep, doesn't work.
I'm gonna look into it, though, all right?
Just, um, but first...
I want to ask you a question,
something that's just
been gnawing on my mind.
What did you do?
You know that.
I ran over someone in my car.
Where were you going that night?
I mean, why-why were you driving?
I was driving my ex-wife
home from a party.
You had an affair.
What?
You had an affair. That's what happened.
Wow.
Sure.
So why'd you have the affair?
I mean, you had everything.
You're, like, out of armpit Pennsylvania
and you go straight into some fancy college
and meet a hot chick.
She's rich.
Her daddy buys you a house.
I mean, hell...
Me? I-I'd kill
just to live that life for a day.
But here you are.
With me.
Could I just have some water, please?
It's funny,
'cause when we were in high school,
I was jealous of you.
Not anymore.
I mean, look at you, you know?
You...
You're no better than me.
In a lot of ways, you're even worse off.
Don't you think so?
Answer me.
Motherfucker!
What'd you say?
Come on.
Admit it.
You think I'm doing better than you.
No, I don't.
Why not?
'Cause I'm getting out of here
in six months, and you're stuck here
for the rest of your fucking life.
Really? You think you're just
gonna walk out of here and forget about me?
Well, I'm gonna make a point to make sure
that that does not fucking happen.
Hey! Hey, hey, whoa! That's assault!
And that just earned you
another 90 days in the hole.
- No, please, John.
- Right here.
- Take a good look.
- John!
Please, John.
- It's Gunther.
- Please!
John, please!
You're not coming in?
What are you, scared?
You are!
My God, you're terrified.
Looking for someone?
Yeah.
Thought I heard my daughter.
So you're Noah.
I thought you might be.
Do I know you?
Whitney went in.
No, no, no.
She doesn't want to see you, buddy.
What are you talking about?
- How would you know?
- 'Cause I'm her lover.
- What?
- And her boss.
Her lover-boss.
What are you, 50?
Maybe she does have some daddy issues,
but that kind of, you know, tends to happen
when your father's a scumbag.
No. No, you fucking hold it.
She tells me everything, Solloway.
I know it all.
The waitress.
What?
The publicist.
The party.
- Okay, I'm not listening...
- The fucking hot tub?
What the fuck is wrong with you?
- Dad?
- Whitney.
Dad?
Hey, kids.
We're having spaghetti.
And Trevor's doing some musical...
Even though he can't sing.
- I can sing.
- No, you can't.
You sound like an antelope.
You don't even know
what an antelope sounds like.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Well, you can't sing at all,
so just don't talk, okay?
The door was open.
What do you want?
Nice.
I don't know what it is
you fucking want, man.
- That's not true.
- Just tell me what you want.
I think you know what I want.
You bought a knife
from my poor mother, Noah.
What do you want?
You're not leaving, are you?
Did you just see him? Is he gone?
- See who?
- The man came through here.
He... I heard him go.
I heard the door slam.
- That was Vik.
- Vik?
Yeah.
He just left.
Come on, sit down. I'll get you some water.
You sure?
Noah, are you okay?
Because, honestly, you seem very confused.
Forget the water. You need a drink.
Here you go.
And I have a few other treats for you.
Augmentin, and what's this?
Vicodin.
Open up.
Come on.
Vik's not coming back.
He left me for good.
Was that... it wasn't because of me?
Of course it was because of you.
I mean, can I be honest?
I wanted him to leave. I mean...
Vik doesn't belong here.
You belong here.
You should let me help
you, Noah, because...
I'm really the only one who can,
who knows the pain you're in.
Here.
Have another one.
It's gonna be okay.
It is.
Listen, you've done some bad things.
But we all make mistakes,
and we don't deserve to be in this pain.
You deserve to be happy,
to be with people who love you.
I know you.
I know who you really are,
and I forgive you.
Wait.
Come on.
I know you.
What?
You don't know me.
I do.
You don't.
- I do.
- You don't.
I do. I do.
No, you don't.
I know you.
You don't know me.
- Yes, I do.
- You don't know me!
You don't fuckin' know me.
We're okay. We're okay.
- We're okay.
- Don't know me.
Wait. I like fucking you.
You don't fucking...
I know you.
Hey. Wait.
Noah, enough!
Sync and corrections by explosiveskull
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org